In the last two videos, I reviewed the unary operator and binary operator interfaces, as well as generic
and non generic forms of the predicate interface, all three of these types of interfaces take at least
one argument the return of result in the first case, a result of some operation whose type matched
the argument type or types.
And in the case of a predicate, the result was a and value.
Another device that takes an argument and returns a result is function, which I've already stated is
a super interface to unary operator interface.
The function interface has no restrictions on its type relationships.
You can pass a document whose top has no relationship to the return type.
The following shows you the generic functional interface function and its abstract method, the type
parameter T represents, the type of argument parts to the method and the type parameter R represents.
The type are the result of the method, let's say the public interface function.
They've got T in our Renagel brackets.
We've got an apply method there.
Then I have a bit of T which returns the type are.
So let's have a look at this in code E to create a new class and a built in interfaces project.
But I call this one function example.
So looking at this code, we're demonstrating three different usages of a lambda expression using function
C, the first example there, and it's the simplest example, returning it to an argument.
The second one there puts a string on spice, the returns, the first element, and the third one is
returning a surplus string with spaces and not commas.
Let's run this.
And this results at the bottom of the screen, so you can see you could do a lot with a simple generic
interface that accepts a single argument of a specified type and returns a result of some other specified
type.
The function interface provides two different methods compose and the and then default method, I mentioned
these for the unary operator to postpone expanding them until now, since they are inherited from the
function interface.
In the example code I just demonstrated, I had a labor expression that looked like the following.
I'm going to use the statements statement split into three parts to demonstrate using the compose and
using the and then methods.
So let's go back to code.
I'm not going to do is pasted down here the end of our main method.
Okay, so that's the code.
So what I've done here is I've created a function typed variable and lamp expression for H.
The first one is sublist one come for in parentheses.
We've got another one, therefore iStock to string parentheses and the third one is replaced right at
the bottom of the screen line 55.
And the arguments for replace is a comma in single quotes and a space and single quotes.
There are obviously these methods wouldn't need to be lambda expressions at all.
I could just use method references, but hopefully you get the idea.
Also adding a system to that statement in each lambda expression.
So that will be able to say the order, the expressions were executed in Iraq.
So we now need some code to execute these functions.
So what I'm going to do is the following.
I'm going to post the more coded score and more here.
So what I'm doing here is I'm changing the three function local variables created using the compose
method on function.
And again, if we look at the names up here, we've got ifpri f result and if post.
So I'm using those to say online at 60.
So what I'm doing is I'm changing the three function local variables created using the compose method
and function, then changing the end then method to the result.
And next I'm changing the apply method.
After that, the composed method will execute prior to apply and the method and then we'll execute after
the apply method.
So not that the parameter types I'm using for each predicate we've got IFPRI, which is being used for
Campo's.
I'm using an argument and a return type, both using a list of type integer.
They can say that thirty 38.
That's again used in compose on line 60 and for the end then method call using F post they can say F
post on line.
Fifty two is using type string for both the argument and the return top.
So if we execute this code.
You can see the result and the order that each function was executed in.
Now, it could have moved the end method somewhere else to get the same result.
So that's how about in some code?
So I could have done this.
I now that we've got and then method call in the code before, compose the only requirement for using
compose and using the then method is that the applied method must be the last link, the method in the
chain on this card.
Looking at the output on the screen there, you notice that we've still got the identical result to
what occurred last time, if you're adverse to creating a bunch of local variables of type function.
You could write the code in a different way.
That's a pencil.
More code to look at that.
As you can see, the commentary on 68 executing more Chinese lambrew expressions ugly, but okay, you
can see by the code there and actually I'll just put it down a little bit so we can see the other one.
We're using a lot of casting a topping, but we run this now.
The actual result is still the same as we can see the final output, they could see that declaring function
local variables when chaining makes it a lot easier to read and understand the code.
But I'd certainly expect to see actually code on the exam.
But before we finish the video next, let's look at the function, which is a super type of the binary
operator interface.
So it should come as no surprise that it takes two arguments and returns a result and that there is
a no type relationships between either of the arguments or between the arguments and the resulting type.
In other words, all three can be different types.
And like binary operator, all three tops must be the same.
So the following shows you the generic functional interface by function and it's abstract method three
type parameters are defined.
Here are stands for Return Talk to you here are used for the argument types.
So we're going to public interface by function.
You could say the type that to you and I and the method is apply.
Returning type is are we've got two parameter types, as I mentioned t in you.
I'm going to demonstrate a couple of examples of the function interface in our current class function
example, since this class is very similar to the function class except for its support of two arguments.
We're going to spend some code down the bottom here.
We need to accept that import.
So this example of created a by function local variable and assigned a lambda expression to it, they
can coordinate to string values using double quotes between them.
So if we run this now.
You see the result at the bottom of the screen.
All right, so that's split up.
Let's try one more example using the more verbose version of Lambda Expressions.
I'm going to post that in.
Simply import.
So here I type both lambda expression perimeter's and use Left-to-right Kelly prices to enclose the
statements that return a list of top string in this case and a list.
So if you run this.
You can see the output at the bottom of the screen, so let's see in the video here in the next one,
we're going to look at two more interfaces, consumer and supplier.
See you in the next video.